we should execute 1% of the population in favor of the other 99%, it only makes sense. If the current 1% controlls most of the resources for themselves, why would the rest 99% not reveal against them and seize the resources and means of production to implant a system that actually benefits most of us? As the top 1% has the control and power, it wont just give the resources by asking nicely, so we will have to take action and use violence. More like, we should take back what is ours and they will use violence against us. It only makes sense. We must unite. We must, tho, not commit the big mistake of just replacing the killed. As we take over, we MUST change the entire base system in which all this masacre and hunger lies on. "Evil" does not exist. "Evil" people are created by having a system during hundreds of years that rewards the "evil" parts of what a human can achieve to be. If you give a nut to the squirrel that hits the other, the one that will survive will be the "evil" one. Humans are not evil, the system just breeds and educates us in that way. If we do not change the base system, after killing all those evil humans, by just replacing them with other not so evil humans, it's only a matter of time they become "evil" too. That system we must replace has a name, even if its name is usually cleverly avoided, the name is CAPITALISM. Capitalism is an evolution of feudalism, a system based on the owning of humans. Capitalism is its evolution that managed to get that rich but evolving this technic to not only own people, but also to trade the and use them as an asset just like you would see an animal to eat. This is easily seen as capitalism, with time, is again going back to its old feudalism roots, just in a lot more "cyberpunky" way, by adding technology such as mass surveilance techniques and software. It will keep evolving this way. Maybe, there's a tiny setback by a moment of the people's realization of "hey, maybe we should NOT build a society entirely for profit", setting back that terrible 1% for some time, by maybe changing some laws, but again, that would be another absolute win for the 1%. That setback, is quite literally, just a setback. Capitalism always advances and eats all it can, just like a virus. It will eat those retaken rights once again. It has happened during all it's history and i will happen again. We must NOT fall into this burgouis trap and we must, when we have the first chance, dissasemble the entirety of the system or we will eventually be doomed. Capitalism not only means the silent loose of all human right and of our time, it also means the death of the onl habitable planet we know of, the earth. As previously said, capitalism is a virus that eats all resources until its hosts has no more to survive, this is what has been hapening with our plentifull plantet, a place filled to the brim with resources of all kind, resources that have been created by nature for the last billion of years. Resources so valuable that cannot be found in another planet, as I'm not only talking about minerals but about landscapes, entire species of flora and fauna, thosand and thousand of kilometers of forests and jungles. We must fight to not let the 1% take the only thing we have to keep going in this universe. The error of believing the wastefull resource spending of capitalism is just cause of the fact that we are humans, or the fact that we are a lot must not be taken, that is as said, a giant error. Humans have for decades now have had the means to generate almost free energy from the sun and nature, but yet we keep extracting the contaminating, wastefull and finite oil. Why? Cause oil extracting companies are so big after all that time of monopoly that they just have the power to influence the entire global landscape into keep using oil. It's just that simple. If as humans we just tried to make the most logical choice and look a bit for the planet AND FOR OURSELVES, OUR OWN SPECIES, all those stupid and straight up nonsensical choices would be reverted in months.